All right.
So it's looking good so far.
We have the full within minutes we have these these counters.
Next one we want to work on is let me show you the finished project.
So next one is this one.
So we saw this should dismiss at the background you can see the images stayed the content scrolls.
This is called Parallax Image's Parallax Effect.
So we'll create a separate component for this one so you can pass your favorite images in this path
and then you'll be able to display it like that, and then you can display whatever content you want.
All right.
So here we just will write some of the blog post, the title and the latest blogs we will show.
And in the background, we will have this image if it.
All right.
So let's go ahead.
Create that.
I guess some things.
Except this one doesn't exist.
This is accessible to everyone.
So I'm not sure what you guys are doing.
Looks like a card file and it's delete.
So it isn't.
So you can see as an admin, you can just clean up some of the stuff if you don't like it.
You know, then you have the right to.
You are able to manage your content.
All right, beautiful.
So let's go ahead and work on that section, though.
So let me head over to my home base back again.
So this is the home base.
So I've got all these the counters in this column.
Now, let me create another rule.
Brand new room.
So in this role I will sort the parallax image.
But let's wait for that.
I will create a separate component so that you can always reuse that, you know, that nice, beautiful
parallax background you can use any way in the application to make it reusable.
But for now, let's focus on the content first.
So instead of this brand new role, let's clear the column.
Give this a span of 24 to date full with.
Let's make sure it is Capital C column component.
And so here we will open the image I live in.
Leave living like this.
Let me just read like that for the moment.
And here, let me quit heading.
Let's call it blog posts.
And then down here, let me show all the latest posts.
All right.
So we all have the hook for that.
So let's import hooks.
Import use latest posts.
From.
So we go.
We go inside.
So we are here in two bases.
So we go one step.
One step.
Get inside hooks.
Huge slit exposed.
And here we are going to show the categories.
As usual, it's important to use
use categories.
Use categories from use category.
Use category.
Okay.
And I shouldn't be destructing.
Actually, it's a default export, so let me fix that.
So we've got them now.
Let's use them.
So called latest post from use latest first at home.
And then we want a category, as you said, that would be categories.
News category.
Great.
Now we can map through the post and through the list of post down here.
So blog posts dried off from that made me creative.
And here let's move through the latest posts.
Dog met so we map to East Post and here we can render is posts.
We can use a link component.
So when you use a click on the posts, we can take them to view the actual post.
Right?
So let's make sure we have a link as well.
It's import link from next link.
And then down here.
Link requires hedge funds for hedge riff that would be less or less post slung.
And here we need to have anchor tag.
And then here we can.
So the post title post.
Darth.
It looks like we have some tape over here.
Link cement.
Okay.
So you've got the least opposed.
Let's have a look.
And yes, we have we have the the heading.
We have all of them just all in line.
So let's fix that.
Um, what we can do here is we can use history to display this post.
So let me just cut and use page three based here and let's give some style as well for the DB style.
I want to center the the headings.
So text line center
next run for the post.
I think we don't really need to do much of that.
Let's have a look.
All right.
So that looks good.
It's white.
Now, when it says the theme, the black suit.
Always feel free to change if you need to change the color, you know.
Is it right?
If you want it to always be white, you can always right.
You see, this is what I think we can display.
We like that.
It looks all right.
So now that we have that, let's go and.
Work on the parallax image so that we can just be here and then we can put this content that this whole
content on top of the image, just like this one.
So for that, we need to go ahead and create a parallax image component.